Product planning (#86)
flowforge/handbook: product/plan.md

We offer a number of ways that users can run the FlowForge product, we will always offer an open source version that has the core features. Features that offer higher business value or permit users to share across larger groups will be offered as part of our paid enterprise proposition.
FlowForge Cloud is our hosted public cloud offering, this will generally include all features that are availble but may not offer certain features such as SSO where integration is required between the platform and an enterprise. We will offer customers the ability to have a dedicated cloud instance managed by us if thats is a deployment model they require.

> A more detailed breakdown of the pricing and split between our Open Source and Enterprice Editions is on the [pricing pricicpes](pricing.md) page

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A more detailed breakdown of the pricing and split between our Open Source and Enterprise Editions is on the [pricing principles](pricing.md) page
```
